# whited00r
the real sauce..
Welcome! This is the source for Whited00r. Projects will be worked on here since 07/19/20!

Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Whited00r ("Whited00r Serverside", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the Whited00r backdoor and any of its services (collectively, "Backdoor" or "Services"). This agreement is stored in the GitHub repository "whited00r" and
Accounts and Membership
 You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service. By using the Service and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 13 years of age. If you create an account on the Server, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and use our Services. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services. We may block your Internet Protocol address to prevent further registration.
Accounts and Membership
You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service. By using the Service and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 13 years of age. If you create an account on the Server, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and use our Services. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services. We may block your Internet Protocol address to prevent further registration.
User Content
 We do not own any data, information or material ("Content") that you submit on the Guild in the course of using the Service. You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review Content on the Server submitted or created using our Services by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Service does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our own sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable.
Backups
We perform regular backups of the Services and Content and will do our best to ensure completeness and accuracy of these backups. In the event of the hardware failure or data loss we will restore backups automatically to minimize the impact and downtime.
Links to other websites
 Although this Server may have messages that link to websites, only the Owner ("wavee","wav_ee","waveeeeee","waveeeeeee") has the authority to permit certain persons and staff members of the Guild to send messages that contain links to websites. Linking to any off-site websites (excluding "www.roblox.com", its contents and similar websites, and any non-mature media websites) without prior allowance is not permitted and will result in moderation action only limited to the Server and the Service.
Ownership Conditions
It is forbidden to: 
Resell your Product license to third parties, including personal family or friends. Your license, under this context, includes your intangible serial key used to redeem access to the Product, your account associated with the Product and its Associated Services and the files you have downloaded after purchasing the product. 
Resell individual components of the Product, including but not limited to: documents included within the downloaded Product and source code associated with the Product and its Associated Services. 
Attempt the reverse engineering of the Product under any circumstances, and so for any purposes, to the extent of local law. 
Encourage antagonist entities to analyze our Product and its functionality, which may include (but is not limited to) redistributing the files to those antagonist entities and providing information the functionality of those files. 
Utilize the Product and its features to engineer methods to detect the Product’s presence(in any of its states) on a Client’s machine. 
Phish or otherwise harm fellow users of the Product, such as distributing scripts that may harm another user’s computer or the user itself. 
Use this Product and its Associated Services for commercial use without explicit agreement from the Product provider, excluding the fabrication and resale of scripts.
